Overview and Final Project Guidelines

The Final Project will be graded on three components: 
	
The Website project itself with all technical requirements.
	The progress milestones leading up to your completed website.
	The appearance and design of your Website. 

Expectations

Technical Requirements
	
The project contains 3 pages (no more than 7) dedicated to your topic.
	At least 3 subcategories (meaning, menu items such as About, Products, Gallery, Contact).
	Your pages must have unique titles (unless it's an inline design). 
	Images and text on every page.
	External CSS file that controls layout and typography design (unless you're using a CMS). 
	Site functions in all browsers (Firefox, Chrome, Safari, and Edge)
			
Incorporate some of the topics we've covered in class:
					
Appropriate meta tags.
			One e-mail hyperlink on the contact page.
			Consistency in design from page to page.
			Designed for your target audience.
			Specialty fonts. 
			Multimedia. 
			One page containing a form or a table.
Submission:

Submission Requirements

If using a CMS (Wix, WordPress, etc.):

Submit the link to your website. It must include the requirements above and will be graded more on the appearance and functionality of the site. 

If using HTML and CSS coded for the Website:

Please ZIP your files and submit them. Include the HTML files (index and other pages), the CSS files, any images and multimedia and all other documentation of the site, as needed. 

Include a description of what the page(s) output in a readme.txt.
Include the page name in your readme.txt file.
Use well-formatted, easy to read and commented code.
User-Friendly Interface, including readable output, Interface is self-explaining
Label your zip file, with the assignment name + your name.zip

HTML file names:
HTMLFinalProject.txt
HTMLFInalProject.html
Future.txt
Future.html
History.txt
History.html
ContactUs.txt
ContactUs.html
Present.txt
Present.html

CSS file name is stylesheet0.css

picture names:
ai-architect-rh.jpg
AI-news-1220356.jpg
artificial_intelligence_ai_human_workforce_balance_disruption_thinkstock_904420272-100749916-large.jpg
Clearview-AI-Privacy.jpg
cortana.jpg
Cortana1.jpg
hero-e1575918993551.jpg
images.jpg
mass-effect-robot-geth-ruin-ai-art.jpg
Medical.jpg
Pet.jpg
plastic-surgery-cosmetic-surgery-industry-shut.jpg
reyx4yjix9721.jpg
robotic-hand-working-with-virtual-graphic-interface_8b22fee6-8412-11e8-b9ce-1e6263d714a8.jpg
rtr3elof.jpg
shutterstock_147776027.jpg
Siri.jpg
terminator.jpg
Thesaurus.jpg

External Iframe videos are from (which I did not want to use but had no choice.)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJ2VpmoGyMw
https://www.youtube.com/embed/clFqS2rMG3g